This new supercomputer shows the pinnacle of human engineering to this date. This is supposed to be the fastest supercomputer in the world and will be finished by 2023. This supercomputer 1,000,000,000,000,000,000 calculations per second. This 1,222,730,000 dollar project is going to change how fast we can process equations. This could allow jobs to be done much quicker and make it even more efficient than it already is. This European project has cause US and China to step their game up.
This item was made with the funding we mentioned before and has the basis of a regular computer. We have a team of engineers working hard to make this super computer's processor the fastest it could be. To start this we had to come up with our problem, which was creating a supercomputer faster than before. We then will start the work on the initial processor. In the future if we are successful we will split up into multiple teams to solve different problems within the processor.
This could benefit the world, because we could access information quicker and make movement of data much faster anywhere we go. This only the beginning of this type of computer. This could be used for large companies around the world, like amazon and google, as a storage house for all their data. Those companies could access, delete and edit all of their information in a blink of an eye. This is really a masterpiece of technology that can be used. As the saying goes: with great power comes great responsibility. As humans we have built the land of greatness, but this computers could destroy us all. The militaries could use this computer to their advantage and take control of whatever they desire. Also if this technology gets in the wrong hands someone could program it to be a super terminator. It would have access to everyone’s personal information and could cause the world chaos between people. This could actually cause another world war. Countries would blame Europe for making this monster of a machine and they will retaliate. Computers are great and this could change the world and people should be happy that we have come this far to achieve greatness. This is the computer humans deserve but not the one they need.
This product will make the overall movement of data much faster everywhere. People will be able to get the data they need faster and more efficiently. One concern with this computer is the human jobs. If this computer is faster and more efficient what's to say it won’t start stealing jobs from humans. Humans have been making changes to computers for many years and it's only a matter of time before computers can surpass us. Another problem this may cause is the fact on how much data it can process. With this technology in the wrong hands people’s privacy will no longer exist. This computer would be able to have countless algorithms to get into your personal computer, not to mention what would happen if this computer got into the militaries data. This device could be very good for society but can also pretty much access any data anywhere, and anytime. Imagine the cause that this supercomputer could cause if placed in the wrong hands. What if our enemies were able to get a computer like this how would we be able to stop them? This computer may cause all attacks to turn into cyber attacks. Instead of North Korea launching their nuclear arsenal on us they would be able to attack us without doing anything at all. The plain in which enemies fight would be changed forever.
